Customer(cust_id, cust_name, city, grade, saleman_id)
Salesman(saleman_id, name, city, commission)
Orders(order_no, order_date, purchase_amount, cust_id, saleman_id)
and answer the following queries in SQL.'


1. Write a query to find those customers with their name and those salesmen with their name
and city who lives in the same city.


2. Write a SQL statement to display all those orders by the customers not located in the same
cities where their salesmen live.


3. Write a query that produces all customers with their name, city, salesman and commission,
who served by a salesman and the salesman works at a rate of commission within 12% to
14%.


4. Write a SQL statement to arrange the orders according to the order date in such a manner
that the latest date will come first then previous dates.

5. Write a SQL statement to display the customer name, city and grade etc. and smallest
customer ID will come first.

6. Write a SQL statement make a report with customer ID in such a manner that, the largest
number of orders booked by the customer will comes first along with their highest purchase
amount.

7. Write a SQL statement to make a report with order date in such a manner that, the latest
order date will come first along with the total purchase amount and total commission (15%
for all salesmen) for that date.

8. Write a SQL statement to find those salesmen with all information who come from the city
either Paris or Rome.

9. Write a query to filter all those orders with all information which purchase amount value
is within the range 500 and 4000 except those orders of purchase amount value 948.50 and
1983.43.

10. Write a SQL statement to find those salesmen with all other information and name started with any letter 'A' and 'L'.

11. Write a SQL statement to find those salesmen with all information whose name contain
only four characters, in which 1st character must be 'N' and 4th character is l and rests may
be any character.

12. Write a SQL statement to find those customers with all information who gets a grade except
NULL value.

13. Write a SQL query to display those customers who are neither belongs to the city New
York nor grade value is more than 100.

14. Write a SQL statement to display all information where purchase amount less than a
specified amount or reverse order date greater than or equal to a specified date and
customer id less than a specified number.

15. Write a SQL query to display order number, purchase amount, archived, unachieved
percentage for those order which exceeds the 50% of target value of 6000.

16. Write a query which will retrieve the value of salesman id of all salesmen, getting orders
from the customers in orders table without any repeats.
